Dude, this is pacman!
If you remember pacman, you're too old to be playing games.

OK, how do I play this? 
Just like pacman.

But I'm too young to remember how to play pacman
OK, you got me there. Just use the arrow keys.

What are arrow keys?
Get a real computer, you hipster

I can't use the arrow keys. I only have thumbs!
That's evolutionary pressure from not using a real computer.

Why is the booster pill like a EU flag?
Why do you think?

But a star is missing!
Brexit.

When I eat the booster pill I can eat the gregs!
You wouldn't think this yourself if I hadn't FAQed it here, would you? 

And that golden spoon-like thing that kills the poor coronavirus? What is it?
There is no spoon.

But it looks like a spoon!
There is no spoon. This is Aunt Society.

Aunt Society? Who's Aunt Society?
If you were Greek, you'd understand.

Why I do have eight lives? They're too many.
A cat has seven. Coronavirus apparently has more. 

Why I only have eight lives? They're too few.
I'd consider myself lucky if I had eight.

What's that Typescript thing you wrote this on? 
Something Microsoft invented to make web bozos feel like real software engineers.

Did that succeed? 
So much, that they started thinking they can write real software too.

What do you mean, they can't?
Look around you. 

But, this is Hugh Laurie! 
No, it's Tiny Laurie. Only 50x50 pixels. 

Do you have his permission to use his face in such a game?
No, but if he sends me an e-mail asking me to, I'm willing to replace his character with Tsiodras.

Who is Tsiodras?
Never mind.

The Tiny Lauries move like shit. They often totally block some innocent victims and I cannot eat them.
That's not a bug. I documented it here, hence it's a feature. 

Your code sucks.
That's what your mom said.

You're being insensitive to Europeans! 
And they've been insensitive to almost anybody too.

You're being insensitive to coronavirus patients!
But they won't be complaining about this for too long, you know.

You're being insensitive to viruses! 
I live in Asia. I'm probably gonna pay for this sooner or later. 

The maze looks awful. Can't you draw a straight line using a fucking computer? 
Tell that to my mother who still wonders why I didn't became an architect.

But the coronavirus is cute. You did draw that yourself? 
Yes, based on an idea from my amazing friend, XXX YYY. 

Is that kota public license OSI compliant? 
Ask OSI.

What's the moral of this game? 
Wash your hands often.



